Tad's Stephen hunter lovely mishit ball
play through to Freck new ball right
across the face of God the Godric unable
to play a touch
play-fight nubile hunt with a corner
bobbing around the orange shirt
struggling to get it clear kovitch
eventually gets the ball away not very
far only crash mascot fish just over the
top goalkeeper got a hand to it lovely
ball over the top again brilliant save
for D gherkin
Dan's denied by the goalkeeper great
save from Garrett meadow yet kovitch
just why'd you mad trying to make a
spark here
Lucas you kovitch great ball across and
a dangerous one for the Ipswich defense
Stephen huh we'll keep this one in play
and keep things alive
don't we've hit again in the Bolton
defense strictly to get this one clear
the goal trick ball down in the penalty
area
the referee points to the spartax clumsy
from Andy Lonnegan didn't need to do
that the ball was going out of play and
his rugby tackle McGoldrick to the floor
switch with a chance from the penalty
spot to go in front there's the initial
spillage from Lonnegan no need from to
haul mcgoldrick down it's McGoldrick
fault number 50 in this season blasted
straight down the middle mix which could
be on their way to a second winning
three games again it's David but gold
Ricky scores emphatically from the spot